Add paragraph on abstract `Function` fields to performance tips (#50421)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/performance-tips.md

```
In this case, it would be better to avoid declaring `MyType` with a field `a::Array` and instead declare the field as `a::Array{T,N}` or as `a::A`, where `{T,N}` or `A` are parameters of `MyType`.

The previous advice is especially useful when the fields of a struct are meant to be functions, or more generally callable objects.
It is very tempting to define a struct as follows:

```julia
struct MyCallableWrapper
    f::Function
end
```

> But since `Function` is an abstract type, every call to `wrapper.f` will be very inefficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But since `Function` is an abstract type, every call to `wrapper.f` will require dynamic dispatch, due to
the type instability of accessing the field `f`.
```

I think it's good to explicitly mention the type instability here, since that's what we'd generally want people to look for anyway.

Instead, you should write:

```julia
struct MyCallableWrapper{F<:Function}
    f::F
end
```

> which has nearly identical behavior but will be much faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which has nearly identical behavior but will be much faster due to eliminating the type instability when acessing `wrapper.f`.
```

> Note that the constraint `F<:Function` is not necessary, and prevents the user from providing a callable object that does not subtype `Function`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the constraint `F<:Function` is not necessary, since it prevents the user from providing a callable object that does not subtype `Function`.
```

> Instead, you should write:
> 
> ```julia
> struct MyCallableWrapper{F<:Function}
>     f::F
> end
> ```
> 
> which has nearly identical behavior but will be much faster (because the type instability is eliminated).
> Note that the constraint `F<:Function` is not necessary, and even counterproductive: indeed, it prevents the user from providing a callable object that does not subtype `Function`.
> Therefore, the following pattern is probably the best:
> 
> ```julia
> struct MyCallableWrapper{F}
>     f::F  # document somewhere that this needs to be callable
> end

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Instead, you should write something like:
```julia
struct MyCallableWrapper{F}
    f::F
end
```
which has nearly identical behavior but will be much faster (because the type instability is eliminated).
